.\" Manpage for APK decompile.
.\" Contact sellislem@gmail.com .in to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "20 February 2020" "1.0" "APK Decompile man page"
.SH NAME
apkdecompile \- a a command line tool to decompile your APK instantly
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B apkdecompile 
.RI "[" APK "] [" OPTION "] [" -h|--help "]..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B apkdecompile 
is Bash script command line for decompiling the android app (APK) into Java code. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -o, --output
define the output folder of the final decompiled APK
.TP
.B -h, --help                 
Prints Help menu.
.TP
.B -v, --version                 
Prints version code of the command.
.SH EXAMPLES
The following will show a typical demo on how to use the command
.PP
.RS
.RI "Just decompile my apk file:"
.br
.BR $ " apkdecompile /home/user/myapkfile.apk"
.br
.PP 
.RI "decompile my apk file in home directory:"
.br
.BR $ " apkdecompile /home/user/myapkfile.apk -o /home/user/ "
.br
.BR $ " apkdecompile /home/user/myapkfile.apk --output /home/user/ "
.br

.SH EXIT STATUS
If The command line option is not used properly, this will end with exit status 1.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Abdelkadere Sellami (github.com/islem19)
.SH COPYRIGHT
The GNU General Public License V3.0
.PP
Copyright (c) 2019 Abdelkader Sellami
.PP
This document is part of the XSearch software.
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.